Answer the following question using only information from the article. If there is no good answer in the article, say I don't know.

Article:
###
BmcShell is an intelligent interactive client for managing IBM Servers.
Using BmcShell is very easy. You don't hava to remember the commands.
All you have to do is type help in the console.
Or ask me, I am you friend in need!

Under the hood, the shell uses redfish schema-based rest interfaces to interact with the server.

You can issue simple commands to interact with server.
In general syntax commands will be a command name followed by zero or more arguments as below.
"command-name [arg] [arg] [arg] ...."

Shell UI is a console application with textual menu interface.
Choices will be shown as list of menu item with a number attached to it.
If you have logged in to a session you can type "api" to get first level menu.
If you have not logged in, then you can type "machines" to get available machines.
Example Ui.
0) back.
1) chassis.
2) cable.
3) network.
You can use select command "s" to make your selection.
Syntax: s 2 [arg] [arg].
command followed by a choice number followed by zero or more arguments.
Arguments to selection command decided what type it is.
If not specified any type argument by default shell executes a Get request to server.
You can give Post and Patch request by explicitly mentioning it.


You must be logged in to your desired Machine in order to manage it.
By default, the shell is not connected to any IBM machines.
You can list available machine names by issuing the machine commands.
Syntax: "machines ".
Once the list of available machines is displayed in the console, you can issue a selection command to select one among them.

Batch mode
you can use several command as sequence of execution step.
You can use a script file to do that.
Example.
echo "apis \n vmi \n vmi_interface eth0 \n vmi_interface eth1" >> temp.dat.
Use the temp.dat as the input to the "script" command as follows.
script temp.dat.


Session Managementc
To manage the BMC, HMC needs to authenticate itself over a secure channel BMC supports Redfish for the standard Redfish schema and it also supports REST interface for the IBM specific use cases.
HMC should use the REST as well as the Redfish interface with BMC based on the required functionality.
HMC should create the redfish session which returns the authentication token from the BMC.
This token can be used for the subsequent Redfish and REST queries.
Rest interface will be used for following scenarios
1) Save Area Management.
2) Lock Management.
3) VMI IP Discovery.
4) VMI Certificate Exchange.
5) Dump Offload (if the interface doesn’t get standardized).
Redfish interface will be used for following scenarios.
1) Firmware update.
2) Error Log.
3) System Power On/Off.
4) BMC Capabilities.
5) Other Management operations 3.1 Creating Redfish Session When HMC connects to BMC for the first time, HMC should use the ‘admin’ user and admin privileges to create the initial session.
With the valid user name and password, the session will be created, and the response header will contain the ‘X-Auth-Token’ which should be saved and used by the client for any further interaction with the server through this session.
You don't have to worry about session expiry when you use Bmcshell to interact with servers.
Bmcshell will automatically reclaim the session on expiry.
However, you must enter your username and password to Bmcshell at least once.
You can use the following command for setting your username and password.
username  [Bmc user name]
password  [Bmc password]

Log in:
In order to log in to a system you must supply machine name ,user name and password.
You can get the available machines by giving machines command.
user followinf commnand for supplying user name and password.
username [bmc user name].
password [bmc password].


VMI IP Configuration
The Hardware Management Console can directly talk to the PHYP using the Virtual Management Interface. When the System initially powered on, the VMI interface would not have any network configurations. The HMC can configure and manage the VMI network. This design will describe how the HMC can manage the VMI network.
The HMC can configure the VMI network interface via BMC. This can be a Static Configuration or Dynamic Configuration via DHCP.
The network can be IPv4/IPv6. VMI interfaces can support any of Static IPV6 / SLAAC / Stateful DHCPv6. IPv6 Gateway is optional and configurable for Static IPV6 address. This will be per interface. IPv4 and IPv6 can co-exist on single interface. Eth0 can be in IPv4 and eth1 can be in IPv6 and vice-versa
The configuration of new IP address can be done when the BMC is at minimum standby state. The BMC's REDFISH interface will provide the GET and PATCH interfaces to the client which intends to get/configure the host interface details.
The VMI configuration data will be persistent across the BMC reboot.
To access VMI config  "vmi" command
To access VMI ethernet details use "vmi_eth_interfaces" command
To access VMI ethernet interface details use "vmi_eth_interface [your interface name ,eth0 or eth1]" command

You can submit a patch request for configuring vmi ethernet interfaces as follows
vmi_eth_interfaces etho --patch true --data '{"IPv4StaticAddresses": [{"Address": "<>","SubnetMask": "<>","Gateway":"<>"}]}'
or
vmi_eth_interfaces eth0 --patch true --file 'the filename that contains data'

SSH Command
Shell gives flexibility  to interact with  server using ssh protocol.
This often required to some introspection, file and system operation during development cycle.
There are two ways to do it
1) ssh in to the server
    you can use "ssh" command for that.
2) issue Shell command directly to server
    you can use "cmd [command to be executed] " for that.
###
Answer the following question using only information from the article.
Answer in a complete sentence, with proper capitalization and punctuation.
If there is no good answer in the article, say "I don't know".
If question contains words like explain, detailed out or how  or similar word , try to give brief summary.

 What is bmcshell?
 BmcShell is an intelligent interactive client for managing IBM Servers.
Using BmcShell is very easy. You don't hava to remember the commands.
All you have to do is type help in the console.
Or ask me, I am you friend in need!

 How does it work?
 Under the hood, the shell uses redfish schema-based rest interfaces to interact with the server.

 How the User interface looks like?
 Shell UI is a console based menu-driven one.
The result of a shell command will be the redfish response data followed by list of menu options to proceed.
The menu options are derived from the server response. Basically the options are next level links and actions.
Example Ui
0) back
1) chassis
2) cable
3) network

you can use select command "s" to select the one of the option
Syntax: s 2 [arg] [arg]
command followed by a choice number followed by zero or more arguments.
Arguments to selection command decided what type it is.
Default is Get request to server.
You can give Post and Patch request by explicitly mentioning it.

 What is session management and how does bmc shell handles it?
 To manage the BMC, HMC needs to authenticate itself over a secure channel BMC supports Redfish for the standard Redfish schema and it also supports REST interface for the IBM specific use cases.
HMC should use the REST as well as the Redfish interface with BMC based on the required functionality.
HMC should create the redfish session which returns the authentication token from the BMC.
This token can be used for the subsequent Redfish and REST queries.
Rest interface will be used for following scenarios
1) Save Area Management
2) Lock Management
3) VMI IP Discovery
4) VMI Certificate Exchange
5) Dump Offload (if the interface doesn’t get standardized)
Redfish interface will be used for following scenarios
1) Firmware update
2) Error Log
3) System Power On/Off 4) BMC Capabilities
5) Other Management operations 3.1 Creating Redfish Session When HMC connects to BMC for the first time, HMC should use the ‘admin’ user and admin privileges to create the initial session.
With the valid user name and password, the session will be created, and the response header will contain the ‘X-Auth-Token’ which should be saved and used by the client for any further interaction with the server through this session.
You don't have to worry about session expiry when you use Bmcshell to interact with servers.
Bmcshell will automatically reclaim the session on expiry.
However, you must enter your username and password to Bmcshell at least once.
You can use the following command for setting your username and password.
username  [Bmc user name]
password  [Bmc password]
can you explain?
BmcShell is an intelligent interactive client for managing IBM Servers. Using BmcShell is very easy. You don't hava to remember the commands. All you have to do is type help in the console. Or ask me, I am you friend in need!
explain vmi?
The Hardware Management Console can directly talk to the PHYP using the Virtual Management Interface.
how does session expiry works?
Bmcshell will automatically reclaim the session on expiry.
how can I use bmcshell?
BmcShell is an intelligent interactive client for managing IBM Servers. Using BmcShell is very easy. You don't hava to remember the commands. All you have to do is type help in the console. Or ask me, I am you friend in need!
how to get vmi details?
To access VMI config "vmi" command To access VMI ethernet details use "vmi_eth_interfaces" command To access VMI ethernet interface details use "vmi_eth_interface [your interface name ,eth0 or eth1]" command
how to use ssh?
There are two ways to do it 1) ssh in to the server you can use "ssh" command for that. 2) issue Shell command directly to server you can use "cmd [command to be executed] " for that.
 command for configuring vmi?
To access VMI config "vmi" command
how do i setup vim interfaces?
To access VMI ethernet details use "vmi_eth_interfaces" command
how do i configure vmi ethernet interface?
You can submit a patch request for configuring vmi ethernet interfaces as follows vmi_eth_interfaces etho --patch true --data '"IPv4StaticAddresses": ["Address": ">","SubnetMask": ">","Gateway":">"]' or vmi_eth_interfaces eth0 --patch true --file 'the filename that contains data'
how does ui works and show example ui?
Shell UI is a console application with textual menu interface. Choices will be shown as list of menu item with a number attached to it. Example Ui 0) back 1) chassis 2) cable 3) network
hdw do i make selection?
You can use select command "s" to make your selection. Syntax: s 2 [arg] [arg] command followed by a choice number followed by zero or more arguments. Arguments to selection command decided what type it is. If not specified any type argument by defualt shell executes a Get request to server. You can give Post and Patch request by explicitly mentioning it.
who are you?
BmcShell is an intelligent interactive client for managing IBM Servers. Using BmcShell is very easy. You don't hava to remember the commands. All you have to do is type help in the console. Or ask me, I am you friend in need!